Your Highness, Lord Yu
Imperial Examination heavyweight poor children
Have you arranged the appropriate official positions?
His Highness is willing to follow His Highness' orders
Arrange the 10 children of the Zhongbang in the water conservancy
Farmer
As well as important peacock positions such as Border City Government Camp
So good
Why did the concubine and Lord Yu come here?
His Highness asked for a seat that day and killed him
I'm afraid I've already offended the prince.
And he is extremely high in WeChat in the military camp
If he decides
Will it be bad for Great Xia?
I know it's better to strike first
The next move wins
Do you still need the help of the concubine?
Your Highness, just say it
Your Highness, what is drawn on this drawing?
This thing was built by His Highness before his concubine
Mr. Li, come and have a look too
This time I asked you to build it.
It's a very large mothership.
With black powder
Once launched, it will be powerful
His Royal Highness
It turns out that you have been hiding turbid before.
There is a famous saying through time
Learn mathematics and physics well
Travel the world without fear
If you want to hear it, concubine
I am willing to hand over to Ambiguity